hello tubers see crazy British plug it
again well as she saw my last two videos
and probably see rickum shut the videos
you've got we went snowmobiling well
that's what wanting to talk about really
now bloke is still a lot of off-road
endurance racing in England did that for
years and always used to see on the TV
over there are no offense snowmobiling I
and I was just think that would look so
cool I just love to have a guy no it's
like white buttons snow book well a lot
different as you know but never had the
opportunity I mean I came here and I've
been here eight years that never sort of
many one or so going to anything until
course I met Dave and Rick Nana yeah
well this weekend Dave gave mini
opportunity doing so ago only
snowmobiles excellent fun absolutely
excellent a pic Joe up and reach out we
went up there and we had some great fun
absolutely great fun and I've really
really got a buzz for it my fingers put
in honestly I think I right off road
bikes for years and years in England all
my life and no no no it's uh it's like I
met my belly better then I it's just
excellent excellent fun it's a bit
different but wow it's good fun I had a
great time up I really did cold very
cold they covered in snow and ice and
everything and that leads me to one
thing you know youtubers are doing that
you know how do you get all talked out
if you get dressed out for this you know
the blokes life was terrible what Adam
was like what's freezing half the time
you know I say any special real special
sort of gear that you use and everything
you know I like you know I know
snowmobile is season that they're like
fortunate I this you can maybe get one
second am but
the blokes like a big guy any hey you
know again I was something like that
second I had a beer for chin yeah I let
me know on that one the other thing is
any of you guys that I've got you know
any any great videos or first snow
mobiling you know I really appreciate it
in I things send it as a as a tag on to
this this video I'll over look at it and
I'll i promise i'll put them up yeah
I'll take him up on the bottom of this
one so but he came a look at him you
know I'd love to see more I really
really like said I'm not real but I want
to get into it a bit more maybe to blow
the save his pennies them maybe buy
himself a ski a big sled you have an
idea we see we see but you know there's
some great ones out there I don't know
if someone sent me one on one of my over
once I look at it and you know they look
they look like they're like like
motocross bikes on snow that I
absolutely brilliantly looks like fast
some of them really cool what else ya
you had a great time we were going to go
up today which is Sunday and I yesterday
was Sally Sunday but it's a talk to Dave
and he said there's been a massive
Blizzard coming there and there's
probably another foot and a half of all
powder and he said it's till he gets
though like dad down a bit and he gets
around the trails a little bit more flan
Z that it's not going to be that much
fun we'd always stuck and everything so
and there's no blizzard coming in today
so we decided not got that but he said
next weekend that's light and exod we're
going to be up there in a blow to know a
bit more fun right when else am I bill
may would capture some of that maybe you
see blood falling off and some big uns
but you know I great time following Rick
around that wreck can ride really good
Dave well he's a master at absolute
master at it but he's been doing it for
a long time any nice i know that blokes
sort of first venture into it but and
i'd like to see some videos if you got
anything out there and I any crash easel
and if it really cool anything you've
done on that you know send him as a tag
on this and uh yeah I'll put them up for
myself at my
what else where we going to go to oh
yeah you were asking on our videos and
that about the Denali there you're
saying how that finale is that your
denali bloke no it's not my denali it
actually belongs to Joe he saw enough in
my video and I think in Rick's video as
well that's Joe Doyle work with these
cool character yeah he's been to look
bit snowmobiler before he had a nice
letter he's owning it you know he's
actually got a site he is the Canadian
carpenter well he's only just item D
site he's only just lightened it but I
don't if he's he has got anything up i
think at a moment but uh you know maybe
you can give him a PM a nice shock him
right I'm sure you don't see it back
because you've got absolutely nath on
there at the moment till we go and get
in sort it out yeah so anyhow like I
said you know send me some stuff tell me
some stuff or you can Etienne's out it
you know you've been doing this for a
long time an in other countries I know
that and I know I come from England like
bloody snow there whether it's issue
here but it's never never enough don't
see snowmobiles here so yeah there you
go thanks a lot